# FoodTruckProject


### Description

This project is designed to receive input from the user and attach it a random
number generated by the program. To start the program, press play. When the
terminal prompts you, you will be able to input the food truck name, the type
of food the food truck serves and enter a rating into the terminal. You will
be prompted up to five times to enter this information to store up to five
food trucks and their information. Whenever a food truck name can be entered,
you can type 'quit' to exit this prompt. Next, you are sent to a new menu with
four options. If you enter 1, you will be shown all of the information input
from the previous prompts but also includes the trucks identifier (numbered 0
  to 4). By entering the number 2, you will be shown the average rating of
  all the food trucks entered. If you press 3, you will be shown which food
  truck is the highest rated. If you press 4, the program will quit. This
  menu will repeat itself until a 4 is input. If you do not input a valid
  option, you will be shown an error message and prompted to make another
  selection from the menu.

#### Lessons Learned

Even though I feel like I know exactly what needs to go where, from a logic
and rules perspective, it is still proving difficult to bring all of the
different Technologies and code together efficiently and effectively. I think
this highlighted the fact that I need to be coding more often and practicing
things more times than I am now in order to be better at combining different
code and Technologies.

#### Technologies Used

The Technologies I used in this program were Arrays, For Loops, While loops -
just a lot of loops. I also used Sysout to create a menu that would be useful
and readable for user. I also used methods and was able to set the getters
and setters using the tools provided by Eclipse to make things more uniform
and readable. Other Technologies that were used were the Scanner which required
import. Additionally, I used a For loop with Arrays several times to retrieve
the information from the Array. I also used a Switch to determine which
information to display when a selection was made from the menu. I also used
'private' for the information in the class FoodTruck to protect the data.


#### What was fun?

Personally, I didn't find anything particularly fun with this project. Instead,
I was more racked with anxiety because even though I felt like I was picking
this information and the concepts up very well but when I stare at a blank
screen that requires code, I am not sure where to start and that is concerning.
What I learned from this project though is that I need to put in even more
repetitions with typing code from scratch and I plan to redo several labs
and start several of them from scratch instead of using any starter code, When
that is able to be done. I did find talking with other people in the class
and bouncing ideas off of one another very helpful as it helped me cement some
concepts in my head but also it helped me to give someone else advice as
what to do because it made me feel like I was truly picking this stuff up.
Overall, this project highlighted several weak points in my coding game and
showed where I need to improve.
